### Paper Review
Paper: [A Contextual Approach towards More Accurate Duplicate Bug Report Detection]  (http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2487123)

1. *Reading*
  + 	Alipour, A., Hindle, A., & Stroulia, E. (2013, May). A contextual approach towards more accurate duplicate bug report detection. In Proceedings of the 10th Working Conference on Mining Software Repositories (pp. 183-192). IEEE Press.

2. *Keywords*
  1. **Bug Reports**:Any technical issue that occurs in a software application is described in a bug report by the users encountering the bug. The bug reports are stored in an issue database. There can be multiple bug reports for the same technical issue which leads to duplicate bug reports. The aim of the paper is to identify such duplicate reports.
  2. **Automated Detection**:Whenever a new bug report is issued it should be automatically detected as a duplicate report without any manual intervention.
  3. **Contextual Features**: These are a new type of feature extracted by the authors in addition to textual and categorical features to recognize duplicate bug reports. The authors extract six additional features from the bug reports namely efficiency, functionality, maintaiablity, portability, reliability and usability. 
  4. **Classifiers**: These are machine learning algorithms used to identify if any pair given bug reports are duplicates or not. In this paper the authors classfied their extracted features using 5 different machine learning algorithms. The 0-R algorithm is used to establish a baseline and the other applied algorithms are KNN, Naive Bayes, Logistic Regression and C4.5.
  5. **Kappa**: Kappa measures the agreement between the machine learning classifier and the triager, who manually classifies the bug report. If the kappa value is 1 then the classifiers are in complete agreement and if the kappa value is 0 then there is no agreement between the classfiers.

3. *Notes (4 of 19)*
  1. **Motivational Statements**: Bug detection and bug fixing is one of the most important tasks in producing a high quality software product. Bugs are encountered by users working with the software application and the detected bugs are reported by the users via bug reports. Since, there are multiple users using the application, same bugs can be encountered by multiple users and multiple bug reports describing the same issue can be present in the database. Detecting these duplicate bug reports is extremely important as it can reduce maintenance effort (if the bug is already fixed) and provide more information about resolving the issue (if the bug is not yet fixed).
  2. **Related Work**: There are various techniques being developed to detect duplicate bug reports using machine learning and natural language processing. One fo the earliest work in detecting duplicate bug reports was done by Runeson et al. where NLP techniques were used to detect duplicate reports. Bettenburg et al. used machine learning algorithms like SVM and Naive Bayes to automatically detect duplicate reports. One of the most successful techniques in detecting duplicate reports is REP developed by Wang et al. It is an advanced Information Retrieval (IR) technique that relies on high textual similarity among duplicate bug reports. Sun et al. developed a topic model based algorithm to detect duplicate reports where in they consider categorical features in addition to the textual features to identify duplicate bug reports. 
  3. **Study Instruments**: The authors have tested their algorithm on the bug reports of Android project obtained from November 2007 to September 2012 to identify the duplicates. The authors have evaluated the performance of their contextual features based algorithm on 37236 Android bug reports.
  4. **Baseline Results**: The authors have tested the performance of their alogirthm thoroughly. They extract the textual, categorical and contextual features from the bug reports and classify it using 5 different machine learning algorithms namely, 0-R, KNN, Naive Bayes, Logistic Regression and C4.5. Among all the classification algorithms C4.5 gives the highest accuracy rate of 92.105% with textual, categorical and contextual features and 95.430% with contextual features alone. It improves the overall accuracy of duplicate bug report detection by 11.55% from the Topic Model proposed by Sun et al.

4. *Needs improvement*
  1. The tool has been tested only on one project, Android bug reports. The authors have compared their algorithm to the Topic Modeling based approach proposed by Sun et al which was tested and verified on OpenOffice, Mozilla and Eclipse bug reports and since the authors have tested their algorithm on Android project, it is pointless in comparing the two algorithms as they have been tested and verified on two completely different datasets.It would be useful if the authors applied their algorithm on Eclipse, OpenOffice and MozillaApache bug reports and then compared it against the Topic Modeling based approach.
  2. From the results it is evident that classifying based on contextual features alone produces a higher accuracy and kappa value than considering all 3, textual, categorical and contextual features, that is the algorithm performs better with lesser nuber of features. It would be useful for the authors to include an explanation behind this observed anamoly.
  3. Popular bug reporting platforms like JIRA and Bugzilla allow reporters to attach screenshots. Many times bug reporters use this facility to attach screenshots containing all information pertaining to a bug. Pure analysis of bug summary, bug comments and the Andriod system context will not be useful in such cases. Extraction of text from images will be extremely useful. 
   
