### Paper Review
Paper: [Towards More Accurate Retrieval of Duplicate Bug Reports]  (http://delivery.acm.org/10.1145/2200000/2190180/06100061.pdf?ip=152.7.255.244&id=2190180&acc=ACTIVE%20SERVICE&key=6ABC8B4C00F6EE47%2E4D4702B0C3E38B35%2E4D4702B0C3E38B35%2E4D4702B0C3E38B35&CFID=836988453&CFTOKEN=47131589&__acm__=1473654764_bfe3238e6c5d8d58a7d37f8d54599f6d)

1. *Reading*
  + 	Chengnian Sun, David Lo, Siau-Cheng Khoo and Jing Jiang. 2011. Towards More Accurate Retrieval of Duplicate Bug Reports. In Proceedings of the 2011 26th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated Software Engineering.

2. *Keywords*
  1. **Bug Reports**: Any technical issue that occurs in a software application is described in a bug report by the users encountering the bug. The bug reports are created and tracked using Bugzilla which is a bug tracking system. There can be multiple bug reports for the same technical issue which leads to duplicate bug reports. The bug reports are stored in an issue database. The aim of the paper is to identify such duplicate reports.
  2. **Automated Detection**: Whenever a new bug report is issued it should be automatically detected as a duplicate report without any manual intervention.
  3. **BM25F**: This technique is used by the authors to measure textual similarity among the bug reports. BM25F measures the global (shared technical issue) importance and local (technical issue constrained to that bug report) importance of every word that appears in the bug report. 
  4. **REP**: It is the retreival algorithm proposed by the authors of this paper. This algorithm measures similarity between 2 bug reports by measuring the textual fields (summary and description) and non-textual fields (product, component, version, priority, etc.). In the technique proposed in this paper, the authors have used the REP function to measure similarity among the reports across 7 features and the function has 19 free parameters associated with it.
  5. **Gradient Descent**: The parameter tuning for the REP function is achieved by the Gradient Descent technique. This method is a discriminative approach to optimizing the REP function, in which the parameters are tuned by comparing simlar pairs of reports against dissimilar reports.

3. *Notes (4 of 19)*
  1. **Motivational Statements**: Bug detection and bug fixing is one of the most important tasks in producing a high quality software product. Bugs are encountered by users working with the software application and the detected bugs are reported by the users via bug reports. Since, there are multiple users using the application, same bugs can be encountered by multiple users and multiple bug reports describing the same issue can be present in the database. Detecting these duplicate bug reports is extremely important as it can reduce maintenance effort (if the bug is already fixed) and provide more information about resolving the issue (if the bug is not yet fixed).
  2. **Related Work**: There are various techniques being developed to detect duplicate bug reports using machine learning and natural language processing. One of the most successful techniques in detecting duplicate reports is Natural Language Processing (NLP) technique developed by Runeson et al, in which each report was represented as a vector and cosine, jaccard and dice distance measures were used to calculate similarity between the reports and this technique presented the top-k duplicate reports to the user. Wang et al extended the NLP algorithm mentioned previously by including two dimensions to the features namely local and global features and also used execution traces to detect top-k duplicate reports. Sun et al proposed a technique based on Support Vector Machine (SVM) in which SVM algorithm is used to train the data which helps in prediciting top-k duplicate reports of an incoming report. A lot of work and research is being performed on bug report data mining and statistical analysis which are extremely effective in detecting duplicate reports.
  3. **Study Instruments**: The authors had various bug reports to test their algorithm on. The authors evaluated the performance of the REP algorithm on a subset of bug reports obtained from Eclipse(Small Set:-From: 2008-01-01 To: 2010-12-31, 75,653 bug reports and Large Set:- From: 2001-10-10 To: 2007-12-14, 209,058 bug reports) , Open Office (From: 2008-01-01 To: 2010-12-21, 31,138 bug reports) and Mozilla (From: 2008-01-01 To: 2010-12-31, 75,653 bug reports) bug repositories.
  4. **Baseline Results**: The performance of the REP algorithm is compared against that of standard algorithms like SVM algorithm proposed by Sun et al and the algorithm of Sureka & Jalote with respect to accuracy on Eclipse (Large and Small dataset), Open Office and Mozilla bug reports. In each of the case the REP model outperformed the other techniques. On average REP technique achieved 14–27% relative improvement in OpenOffice dataset, 10–26% in Firefox dataset and 12–22% in Eclipse dataset. 

4. *Needs improvement*
  1. The authors of this paper assume that the "Master" reports describe only one distinct bug or defect. The have not considered the possibility of a bug report describing more than one bug and due this oversight it is possible to miss relevant information about a bug.
  2. In this paper duplicate reports are identified only based on the lexical similarity between the reports and not the semantic similarity. If two bug reports refer to the same error but use different terms to describe the issue then this technique does not detect the two reports as duplicates and this affects the accuracy of the system.
  3. Popular bug reporting platforms like JIRA and Bugzilla allow reporters to attach screenshots. Many times bug reporters use this facility to attach screenshots containing all information pertaining to a bug. Pure textual analysis of bug summary and bug comments will not be useful in such cases, extraction of text from images might be useful.
  4. The tool has been tested only on three projects and the results are not very conclusive, only for Eclipse the accuracy was found to be more than 50%. It would be useful to include more projects, especially popular ones, like Apache projects.

