### Paper Review
Paper: [Extracting Structural Information from Bug Reports]  (http://groups.csail.mit.edu/pag/pubs/bettenburg-msr-2008.pdf)

1. *Reading*
  + 	Bettenburg, N., Premraj, R., Zimmermann, T., & Kim, S. (2008, May). Extracting structural information from bug reports. In Proceedings of the 2008 international working conference on Mining software repositories (pp. 27-30). ACM. 

2. *Keywords*
  1. **Bug Reports**: Any technical issue that occurs in a software application is described in a bug report by the users encountering the bug. The bug reports are stored in an issue database. There can be multiple bug reports for the same technical issue which leads to duplicate bug reports. The aim of the paper is to identify such duplicate reports.
  2. **Patches**:A patch is a record of changes made to a set of resources. A patch will usually add a new feature, fix a bug, or add documentation to any project. A popular means of creating a patch is by using diff tool which is commonly available on Linux and Unix systems.
  3. **Stack Trace**: A stack trace is a record of execution of software, showing the sequence of executed instructions till the point of crash.
  4. **Precision**: In data mining precision is the fraction of retreived documents or instances that are relevant that is among all the retreived documents, it is the ratio of relevant documents to retreived documents. In other words its the ratio of True Positive to the sum of True Positive and False Positive.
  5. **Accuracy**: Accuracy is a measure of any algorithm's performance. It relates the number of correct classifications to the total number of classifications.

3. *Notes (4 of 19)*
  1. **Motivational Statements**: Bug detection and bug fixing is one of the most important tasks in producing a high quality software product. Bugs are encountered by users working with the software application and the detected bugs are reported by the users via bug reports. Sometimes the users or developers include details like stack trace, source code, etc in their bug report. Most of the existing systems dealing with bug reports consider them as a text file containing just the summary and description of the error. They ignore the additional contents in the bug report like stack traces, patches, etc and this leads to the loss of valuable information. Hence in this paper the authors have described a system called Infozilla which can extract the additional contents source code, stack trace, patches, etc from the bug reports.
  2. **Study Instruments**: The authors tested their system namely infoZilla on 161,500 Eclipse bug repo rts and for each report the system identified the presence of each of the four elements namely, patches, stack trace, source code and enumerations.
  3. **Baseline Results**: The authors manually verified whether infozilla was able to identify patches, stack traces, source code and enumerations on 800 randomly chosen bug reports. InfoZilla, the tool developed by the authors could detect all the patches, could detect stack traces upto 98.5% accuracy and could detect enumerations upto 97% accuracy.
  4. **Future Work**: The authors could consider extending their tool to various other bug reports such as the bug reports generated by Apache, Mozilla, OpenOffice, etc. Sometimes the users might not copy paste the stack trace, source code, etc and might just attach a screenshot showing the same. The InfoZilla system's functionality could be extended to identify the attached images as source code sample or stack trace or patches. 

4. *Needs improvement*
  1. The tool has been tested only on one projects and that Eclipse. The authors should extend their tool to other bug reports such as bug reports generated by Mozilla, Open office, Apache, etc.
  2. The authors have verified their tool Infozilla only with respect to 800 randomly chosen bug reports. The accuracy measure obtained may not reflect the actual value because 800 is too small of a sample size. The authors should calculate accuracy taking all 161,500 eclipse bug reports into consideration. 
  3. Moreover the authors manually verified the correctness of the 800 randomly chosen bug reports. There is a possibility of human error and the accuracy calculated with respect to 800 reports itself might not be correct. It would have been prudent for the authors to verify the correctness of their tool by an automated process.

