### Paper Review
Paper: [Duplicate Bug Report Detection using Clustering]  (http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/6824114/?arnumber=6824114)

1. *Reading*
  + 	Gopalan, R. P., & Krishna, A. (2014, April). Duplicate bug report detection using clustering. In 2014 23rd Australian Software Engineering Conference (pp. 104-109). IEEE.

2. *Keywords*
  1. **Bug Reports**:Any technical issue that occurs in a software application is described in a bug report by the users encountering the bug. The bug reports are stored in an issue database. There can be multiple bug reports for the same technical issue which leads to duplicate bug reports. The aim of the paper is to identify such duplicate reports.
  2. **Automated Detection**:Whenever a new bug report is issued it should be automatically detected as a duplicate report without any manual intervention.
  3. **Clustering**: It is a process in data analysis which involves grouping data objects together. The objects in the same group have similar characterstics and are different from the data objects in other cluster groups. It is mainly used in the fields of data mining, pattern analysis, image recognition, information retreival, bioinformatics and data compression. In this paper the autors have analysed the summary and description fields of the bug reports and formed clusters of reports containing similar words. 
  4. **Cosine Similarity Measure**: This is the measure adopted by the authors to estimated how similar two bug reports are. Each bug report is represented by a vector which represents the presence and occurence of all possible words in the bug reports corpus. For vectors v1 and v2 which represent two bug reports the cosine distance is measured by the following formula, cos (x) = v1.v2/(v1Xv2), where v1.v2 is the dot product of the two vectors and v1Xv2 is the cross product. If the documents are similar the value of x is small. 
  5. **Harmonic Measure**: The authors have used numerous evaluation measures to validate the correctness of their algorithm. True positive rate (TPR) is the ratio of the number of bug reports identified correctly as duplicates to the actual number of duplicate reports. The set of non-duplicate bug reports identified as duplicates are called false positives (FP). True negative rate (TNR) is the ratio of the difference between the number of non-duplicates and false positives to the total number of non-duplicate reports. Harmoinic mean measure is used to balance the trade off between true positives rate and true negative rate. Harmonic mean is calculated by the following formula, (2*TPR*TNR)/(TPR+TNR). 

3. *Notes (4 of 19)*
  1. **Motivational Statements**: Bug detection and bug fixing is one of the most important tasks in producing a high quality software product. Bugs are encountered by users working with the software application and the detected bugs are reported by the users via bug reports. Since, there are multiple users using the application, same bugs can be encountered by multiple users and multiple bug reports describing the same issue can be present in the database. Detecting these duplicate bug reports is extremely important as it can reduce maintenance effort (if the bug is already fixed) and provide more information about resolving the issue (if the bug is not yet fixed).
  2. **Related Work**: There are various techniques being developed to detect duplicate bug reports using machine learning and natural language processing. One of the most successful techniques in detecting duplicate reports is REP. It is an advanced Information Retrieval (IR) technique that relies on high textual similarity among duplicate bug reports. Since, bug reports are compiled by different users who have different ways of expressing the issue, it is possible that duplicate reports may not have textual similarity. These reports cannot be detected as duplicate by the REP technique. The DBTM methodology described in this paper can detect duplicity among textually dissimilar reports by leveraging IR based and topic based features. 
  3. **Study Instruments**: The authors had various bug reports to test their algorithm on. The authors evaluated the performance of the clustering algorithm on 45,234 Eclipse bug reports, 75,653 Mozilla bug reports and 31,138 OpenOffice bug reports. 
  4. **Baseline Results**: The performance of the clustering algorithm is compared against that of the algorithm proposed by Jalbert and Weimar which uses surface features, textual semantics and graph clustering to identify duplicates and the algorithm proposed by Sun et al. which employs Support Vector Machine classifying technique identify duplicate reports. The authors chose to compare their algorithm with the two algorithms mentioned above as, they also use ture positive, false positive and true negative measures to evaluate their performance. The technique mentioned in the algorithm is applied on the Mozilla bug report data set. The algorithm proposed by Jalbert and Weimar achieves 8% true positive rate, 100% true negative rate and Harmonic measure of 15%, the one proposed by Sun et al. achieves 24% true positive rate, 91% true negative rate and Harmonic measure of 39% and the clustering approach achieves 27% true positive rate, 86% true negative rate and Harmonic measure of 41%. 

4. *Needs improvement*
  1. The authors have compared the performance of their alogrithm against the ones proposed by Jalbert and Weimar and Sun et al. only on the Mozilla dataset. The results would be more conclusive if the performance of the clustering algorithm is compared on more data sets. 
  2. The clustering algorithm has been tested only on three projects and the results are not very conclusive. The maximum true positive rate achieved is 69% for eclipse data set which is not a lot. The authors should evaluate the performance of their algorithm on other open source projects like Apache. 
  3. The authors measure similarity among bug reports based on the words present in the summary and description fields. The authors have not considered the contextual features of the words and also have not accounted for synonyms. The results of the clustering algorithm would be more accurate if the above mentioned aspecs are considered. This could be a possible future work. 

