### Paper Review
Paper: [Parameterizing and Assembling IR-based Solutions for SE Tasks using Genetic Algorithms]  (http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7476653/?arnumber=7476653)

1. *Reading*
  + 	Panichella, A., Dit, B., Oliveto, R., Di Penta, M., Poshyvanyk, D., & De Lucia, A. (2016, March). Parameterizing and Assembling IR-based Solutions for SE Tasks using Genetic Algorithms. In 2016 IEEE 23rd International Conference on Software Analysis, Evolution, and Reengineering (SANER) (Vol. 1, pp. 314-325). IEEE.

2. *Keywords*
  1. **Bug Reports**: Any technical issue that occurs in a software application is described in a bug report by the users encountering the bug. The bug reports are stored in an issue database. There can be multiple bug reports for the same technical issue which leads to duplicate bug reports. The aim of the paper is to identify such duplicate reports.
  2. **Automated Detection**: Whenever a new bug report is issued it should be automatically detected as a duplicate report without any manual intervention.
  3. **Information Retrieval**: Information retrieval (IR) is the process of obtaining necessary information from a collection of information resources. Any generic IR process has the following series of operation. The first is Term Extraction where only the necessary terms relevant to the information required is extracted from the document. Usually all the stop words and punctuations are removed in this stage. The next step is Morphological Analysis, where each term is represented by its root word. The next step is Term Weighting where every term that is acquired in the previous stage is assigned a weight based on its frequency. A matrix called Term Document Matrix (TDM) is constructed in this stage. In the next step an algebraic model is applied to the TDM. The simplest alegbraic model is the Vector Space Model where every document is represented as a vector of all the possible terms and their associated frequency. The last step involves comparing the term vectors of the documents using various similarity measures like cosine similarity, Jaccard similarity, etc.
  4. **Genetic Algorithm**: Genetic Algorithms (GA) are a stochastic search technique inspired by natural selection and evolution. A GA algorithm starts off with a random population of solutions, where each individual solution can be optimized based on a set of objectives. The population is evolved towards better solutions over subsequent generations and during each generation each individual solution is evaluated based on a fitness function. The solutions for subsequent generation are chosen by selecting the best solutions based on fitness function, combining two solutions and creating new ones (crossover) and by modifying certain individual solutions (mutation). 
  5. **GA-IR**: GA-IR is a task independent and unsupervised technique that combines Genetic Algorithm and Information Retrieval. The IR process consists of a series of steps and can be represented as a vector. The components of the vector is every possible step and the value each vector takes corresponds to the technique used for that stage. For example Morphological Analysis is a component in the vector and it can have no stemming, porter stemming, etc as values. GA-IR is based on simple GA with elitism of two indviduals. The GA-IR process terminates after a fixed number of generations.  

3. *Notes (4 of 19)*
  1. **Motivational Statements**: Bug detection and bug fixing is one of the most important tasks in producing a high quality software product. Bugs are encountered by users working with the software application and the detected bugs are reported by the users via bug reports. Since, there are multiple users using the application, same bugs can be encountered by multiple users and multiple bug reports describing the same issue can be present in the database. Detecting these duplicate bug reports is extremely important as it can reduce maintenance effort (if the bug is already fixed) and provide more information about resolving the issue (if the bug is not yet fixed).
  2. **Related Work**: There are various techniques being developed to detect duplicate bug reports using machine learning and natural language processing. One of the most successful techniques in detecting duplicate reports is REP. It is an advanced Information Retrieval (IR) technique that relies on high textual similarity among duplicate bug reports. Since, bug reports are compiled by different users who have different ways of expressing the issue, it is possible that duplicate reports may not have textual similarity. These reports cannot be detected as duplicate by the REP technique. The DBTM methodology described in this paper can detect duplicity among textually dissimilar reports by leveraging IR based and topic based features. 
  3. **Study Instruments**: The authors have evaluated their algorithm on the Eclipse bug report dataset. They use two versions of this dataset. The first one termed as Short contains only the bug report title and the second one termed as 2ShortLong which contains the bug report title and description. 
  4. **Baseline Results**: The authors use Recall Rate to evluate the performance of their algorithm. It is the ratio of the number of bug reports correctly identified as duplicates by the algorithm to the total number of duplicate bug reports present. The authors have comapred the GA-IR algorithm with that of applying only Vector Space Model (VSM) and Latent Semantic Indexing (LSI) IR techniques on the bug reports. For the corpus Short, the GA-IR technique almost achieves perfect accuracy. The GA-IR algorithm achieves 2-7% higher accuracy than the VSM and LSI techniques. For the corpus, 2ShortLong, the GA-IR algorithm achieves almost 98% accuracy. The GA-IR algorithm performs about 2-16% better than the VSM and LSI algorithm. 

4. *Needs improvement* 
  1. The tool has been tested only on the Eclipse project and the very simple Vector Space Model and Latent Semantic Indexing IR technique is used to on the bug dataset. It would be beneficial if the authors evaluated the GA-IR technique on other complex IR algorithms like Latent Dirchlet Analysis, Cluster Labeling, Topic Based Discriminative model, etc. Moreover the authors could evaluate their algortihms on other projects, especially popular ones, like Apache projects.
  2. The authors have built the model only on the title of the bug report (1st corpus) and the title and description of the bug reports (2nd corpus). As a future implementation, the authors could extract contextual features from the bug reports and build a corresponding model and detect duplicate reports.
  3. Popular bug reporting platforms like JIRA and Bugzilla allow reporters to attach screenshots. Many times bug reporters use this facility to attach screenshots containing all information pertaining to a bug. Pure textual analysis of bug summary and bug comments will not be useful in such cases, extraction of text from images might be useful.

