### Paper Review
Paper: [Detecting Duplicate Bug Reports with Software Engineering Domain Knowledge]  (http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7081831/)

1. *Reading*
  + 	Aggarwal, K., Rutgers, T., Timbers, F., Hindle, A., Greiner, R., & Stroulia, E. (2015, March). Detecting duplicate bug reports with software engineering domain knowledge. In 2015 IEEE 22nd International Conference on Software Analysis, Evolution, and Reengineering (SANER) (pp. 211-220). IEEE.

2. *Keywords*
  1. **Bug Reports**:Any technical issue that occurs in a software application is described in a bug report by the users encountering the bug. The bug reports are stored in an issue database. There can be multiple bug reports for the same technical issue which leads to duplicate bug reports. The aim of the paper is to identify such duplicate reports.
  2. **Automated Detection**:Whenever a new bug report is issued it should be automatically detected as a duplicate report without any manual intervention.
  3. **Contextual Features**: These are a new type of feature extracted by the authors in addition to textual and categorical features to recognize duplicate bug reports. The authors use SOftware Engineering literature to form word lists to extract contextual features from the bug reports. The previoous work using contextual features by Alipour et al. used word lists extracted from other bug reports.
  4. **Kappa**: Kappa measures the agreement between the machine learning classifier and the triager, who manually classifies the bug report. If the kappa value is 1 then the classifiers are in complete agreement and if the kappa value is 0 then there is no agreement between the classfiers. 
  5. **BM25F**: This technique is used by the authors to measure textual similarity among the bug reports. BM25F measures the global (shared technical issue) importance and local (technical issue constrained to that bug report) importance of every word that appears in the bug report. 

3. *Notes (4 of 19)*
  1. **Motivational Statements**: Bug detection and bug fixing is one of the most important tasks in producing a high quality software product. Bugs are encountered by users working with the software application and the detected bugs are reported by the users via bug reports. Since, there are multiple users using the application, same bugs can be encountered by multiple users and multiple bug reports describing the same issue can be present in the database. Detecting these duplicate bug reports is extremely important as it can reduce maintenance effort (if the bug is already fixed) and provide more information about resolving the issue (if the bug is not yet fixed).
  2. **Related Work**: There are various techniques being developed to detect duplicate bug reports using machine learning and natural language processing. One fo the earliest work in detecting duplicate bug reports was done by Runeson et al. where NLP techniques were used to detect duplicate reports. Bettenburg et al. used machine learning algorithms like SVM and Naive Bayes to automatically detect duplicate reports. One of the most successful techniques in detecting duplicate reports is REP developed by Wang et al. It is an advanced Information Retrieval (IR) technique that relies on high textual similarity among duplicate bug reports. Sun et al. developed a topic model based algorithm to detect duplicate reports where in they consider categorical features in addition to the textual features to identify duplicate bug reports. The work done by Alipour et al. extended Sun's idea of Topic Model approach by incorporating six contextual features. This paper is an extention of Alipour's work. 
  3. **Study Instruments**: The authors have used 4 open source bug datasets to evaluate the performance of their algorithm. They have used 37,000 bug reports from Android bug dataset, 42,000 from OpenOffice, 72,000 from Mozilla and 29,000 from Eclipse. 
  4. **Baseline Results**: The authors have achieved high accuracy in detecting duplicate bug reports. For the Android bug dataset an accuracy of around 93.62% was achieved, for Eclipse dataset an accuracy of 92.81% was achieved, for OpenOffice dataset an accuracy of 91.51% was achieved and for Mozilla an accuracy of 93.14% was achieved. 

4. *Needs improvement*
  1. Popular bug reporting platforms like JIRA and Bugzilla allow reporters to attach screenshots. Many times bug reporters use this facility to attach screenshots containing all information pertaining to a bug. Pure textual analysis of bug summary and bug comments will not be useful in such cases, extraction of text from images might be useful. 
  2. The tool has been tested only on four projects. It would be useful to include more projects, especially popular ones, like Apache projects.
  3. Popular bug reporting platforms like JIRA and Bugzilla provide the reporter with fields to tag bugs to different topics, versions of the app etc. This information can be used to classify bugs and in some cases textual analysis may not be needed at all because the bug has already been tagged properly. The authors could get better performance using this knowledge.

